good morning it's
september 6 2020 and it's a sunday
here in l.a very clear
definitely not still there's a hot wind
blowing through here this morning
already 82 degrees fahrenheit
around 27 celsius
so i'm thinking about heat today once
again
usually in l.a it cools way down at
night even though it's hot during the
day
last night was hot all night long
it's going to be getting up to around
107 degrees
fahrenheit here this afternoon around
42 degrees celsius and many places in
l.a were gonna get
a lot hotter than that but
once again we should be having
blue skies and a whole lot of
golden sunshine all along the way
everyone have a great day